hey guys welcome to lingo marina we live
in a very strange time when people go
from you know being in the office from
9:00 to 6:00 every day interacting with
colleagues having in-person meetings to
just staying at home and trying to
figure out how to make money while
you're at home
fortunately I'm here for you to talk
about different jobs that you can do
from home without any special skills
because of course you can't become a
social media specialist in a day you can
become an internet marketing specialist
in a day but there are some jobs that
require you to just being attentive to
details being able to figure out what
you need to do and follow the
instructions today we're going to talk
about those jobs and about places where
you can actually find clients
now some of these jobs would require you
to find the company that is looking for
independent online contractors and other
jobs would require you to look for
clients so other jobs would be sort of
Micra entrepreneurial jobs they would
require you to kind of establish your
small practice online and I think it's
really exciting because I know you're
forced to make the switch but sometimes
you make the switch and then something
amazing happens this is how I started on
YouTube I had some time outside my
company and I was like wow maybe I
should try vlogging and you know this
became my second full-time job okay
let's get right into it let's talk about
jobs that you can do right away sitting
from home from your couch from your desk
the first shop is transcriptionist and
this is when somebody sends you an audio
and you need to send them back a text
and I know there are a lot of apps out
there that can make this for you but
believe me I use those apps all the time
for my videos and they are nothing
compared to a human being
so anytime I order something from an app
you pay like a dollar to get something
from an app I then hire somebody to
transcribe what an app has already
transcribed because what a machine test
sounds like a machine it doesn't sound
like a human being and transcriptionist
is something that youtubers need is
something that bloggers need something
that people who are responsible for
content creation need a lot and talking
about salaries I'm gonna talk about us
salaries in this video if you're outside
the US you might be getting less because
US is an expensive country but if you're
a transcriptionist in the United States
with basic skills but really good
English you get around $15 an hour if
you're a professional transcriptionist
then your payments would range from 25
to 30 dollars an hour the next job is
actually a very interesting job it's
called search engine evaluator now you
know how search engines work so for
example when you type something on
Google they would give you a list of
websites and you would need to choose
the website that suits you the most and
this is all automated on the
back-end of Google but they are
constantly looking for people who could
actually go there type a word into
search and see what's going on and
evaluate the results because sometimes
they show the websites that aren't
really relevant to the search term that
you were using and this is why search
engine evaluator is actually a job these
day a big company like Google will
provide you with the guidelines you will
follow those guidelines and you will
search something by using this search
and give them feedback whether the
results you're getting irrelevant or not
and these people get around $15 an hour
but again if you're a professional
search engine evaluator and you
understand technical stuff you can go up
to thirty nine dollars an hour customer
service agent whenever I call my bank or
whenever I call anything that has a
customer service I'm always wondering
like who is that person that I'm talking
to sometimes I can hear that maybe they
have a baby in the background sometimes
I hear that they're kind of relaxed
sitting at home I know that a lot of
customer service representatives have
been working from home and now almost
every customer service agent is working
from home under currents
shelter-in-place in quarantine and there
isn't anything special you need to know
in order to be a customer service agent
they would provide you with the
guidelines they would tell you how to
work with their software and then you
just start working and start helping
clients navigate through other people's
services depending on the company you're
working for you could get up to $14 an
hour now you would be like marina
everything sounds really exciting I get
it but where do I find companies that
are looking for freelancers and if I
want to become a micro entrepreneur how
do I do it now first there are
gazillions of platforms out there where
bigger companies are looking for online
workers indeed at work
fibre LinkedIn like a lot of platforms
but if you feel that you're more excited
about becoming a micro entrepreneur
there's a platform called trova page and
we've partnered for this video and they
are a peer-to-peer platform where you
list yourself as a micro entrepreneur
and
of micro-entrepreneur is you know
photographer graphic designer whatever
profession we're gonna talk about in
this video can be done as a micro
entrepreneur kind of thing so you have
this one-person company that does
services for either other companies or
other people a lot of platforms charge
upfront fees for you to start your own
kind of small business like freelance
recom would charge you some fees but
Trevor page doesn't charge any upfront
fees and they're waiving their ten
percent fee on every transaction for the
first six months for people who come
from my video so the link is below
go ahead click the link sign up as a
micro entrepreneur create your page
start selling your skills online and
you're gonna save 10% on every
transaction for the next six months
because you learned about trova page
from this video by the way another great
feature about trova page is that they
have all the tools that you need already
there for you to communicate directly
with a client like a CRM system so you
can track when you contacted them what
their request was how soon do you need
to contact them again so you can manage
the whole deal flow from trova page
itself and all these tools are free and
this is an amazing all-in-one platform
for you to become a micro entrepreneur
today so hit the link below and start
your business your micro business right
now
video game PR manager this is something
relatively new as an influencer I once
advertised a game and I know that apart
from me they've been reaching out to
hundreds of influencers out there
because when a game is launched they
wanted to appear on every single
influencer screen so they could
broadcast this game to their audience
gaming companies need people who can
actually go out there and research
different influencers and come up with a
list of people who can advertise the
game you would also need to contact
those influencers ask them for price ask
them for terms and you don't really need
education for that you just need to be
good at doing research video game PR
managers earn around $14 an hour on
average fundraising representative
and I remember actually hiring somebody
like that back in 2015 when we just came
to Silicon Valley and we were taught to
have at least 17 meetings with investors
and in order to have 17 meetings you
actually need to reach out to about 200
or maybe 250 investors so I hired a girl
up through a freelance platform I paid
her I think it was $80 and she worked
for a couple of days she was from
Thailand and she created a list of
investors who invest in education and
tech in Silicon Valley and asked her
specifically to you know research
companies that are similar to linguae
trip and she came up with that list and
then I just emailed everyone from that
list because if I started doing that
myself that would take me in a couple or
three days and I draw the concentrate on
building the product and this girl was
basically my fundraising representative
she was looking for investors for a
company and on average people like that
get $14 an hour by the way a lot of you
might say well Marina you know with
these huge unemployment rates are people
actually looking for other people and I
would tell you absolutely a linguist rep
is currently hiring for example because
our Travel part yes it's you know zero
it's negative in terms of revenue
however our online part is growing
really fast and we've been looking for a
new t-shirt for almost three weeks now
and we can't find the right person
so still some markets are really really
competitive in terms of finding a job so
don't be upset if you think you're not
gonna get anything you know people who
are looking for jobs people who are
willing to invest their energy people
who are willing to you know send 100
resumes they're gonna get what they want
so be one of those people and be
positive and stay enthusiastic because
you know money is just that in in
different places now and you have to
look for them photo editor now I can
give you some tips because I also use a
person who edits photos sometimes when I
need help and she charges me around $10
a photo and I also bought presets for a
Lightroom from another photographer and
now
I can edit as a professional
photographer myself so if you're not
that good at editing but do you have
good taste
I would actually if I were you I would
go to Peter MacKinnon's website or find
a photographer that you like and see
whether they're selling presets for
Lightroom and you would need like a
couple of hours to figure out how librum
works how presets work but basically a
preset is just one button that you click
and then your photo looks amazing and
you just need to make some edits and
then you know that's it you have the
result that is ready and again people
are willing to pay $10 per photo $5 a
photo and this is something you can do
really really fast again if you have
good taste so this is something you need
to research and another thing one of my
photographers who lives in San Jose but
she's back and forth between San
Francisco and San Jose she offered me to
do a photo shoot online and I guess the
way works is I connect my camera to
computer and she kind of directs me on
how to pose and she takes pictures you
know that's amazing how everything is
evolving these days and if you are
excited about change and if you are
willing to learn you're gonna thrive on
the new market if you you know learn how
to do remote jobs professional coach I
know a lot of people have jobs that
require in-person meetings every single
day
like if you're a massage therapist like
how do you work from home as a massage
therapist if you're a hairdresser how do
you work from home as a hairdresser you
know my hair really needs cutting and
today I'm gonna teach my mom how to do
that and I have actually found a YouTube
video where a professional hair dresser
teaches how to make a haircut at home
you see this is the transition I know if
every hairdresser would create a video
on YouTube then there would be so much
competition but the thing is not
everyone is watching this video not
everyone is willing to make that extra
step not to wait for you know quarantine
to be over but if you're willing to do
something while we're still at home you
know make this video and transition from
being an offline professional to being
an online professional and maybe you
start coaching online maybe you start
teaching people how to do something that
you can do yourself you know there is
many opportunities so I would say I'm
mentioning two jobs here it's either
professional coaching if you were a
doctor you can do online meetings and
this is what I've done already with some
of my doctors and if it's something you
can do through camera like cut
somebody's here then you can start
making tutorials on how people can make
their hair look nice at home with their
it with the help of their relatives the
next job is a lead generator every day I
get emails from different bloggers and
different companies who are asking me
whether I want to purchase an ad from
them and if I reply they would then
forward my lead to a sales person within
a company so basically this job is
called lead generator so your job would
be to go out there in the market reach
out to thousands of people and companies
and offer them the services of a company
that you're working for and once those
people get back to you you will then
sell or transfer this qualified lead to
a company and people who do this job are
called lead generators and they make
around 10 to 15 dollars an hour
proofreading is also something you can
do from home and this is a higher paying
job because people make around twenty
five dollars an hour but the thing is
you need to be perfect in English so for
example we have fluent Express we're
native speakers instantly correct your
text and we don't hire every single
native speaker who comes and wants to
work for us because we really need to
bet them we need to make sure that they
are axel and proofreaders so your
English needs to be really good you need
to be really attentive to details in the
text and you need to be willing to be
for example fluid Express you need to be
willing to be online almost every day
you know at least close to your computer
because texts come every five minutes
and people need to take them but yeah
but if you're an advanced proofreader
you can make up to thirty six dollars an
hour which is exciting
the next job oh my god video editing
everything is moving online like
everyone is recording a class everyone
is recording new courses I've recorded
maybe like 10 hours worth of courses in
the past two weeks I've recorded
worth of content in the past two weeks
and you know who I always need video
editor and for a person like me I would
need a professional video editor for a
person like my dad for example who just
started making his recorded online
classes
he needs a person who could basically
cut videos and insert photos and you can
learn that in two hours if you have
iMovie on your laptop if you have access
to Internet you can google any free
video editing software you can learn to
do that in two hours and then you can
sell your skill to people who are less
tech savvy you can become this micro
entrepreneur who edits videos too for
people who just don't have time for that
or maybe if they just don't want to you
know learn a new skill but this is
something you can do right away again
I'm talking from my own experience
because when I just started on YouTube I
edited every single video myself using
iMovie and I learn that scale in 15
minutes you know you I opened an app and
I was like okay well this makes sense
it's an easy app so you can totally do
it video editors in the US with charge
from 15 to 20 dollars an hour if they
are you know medium level very good
video editors can take up to $75 an hour
$100 an hour but I would say this is
more like Hollywood /el a great video
editor so you can start with like 10 to
$15 an hour
data entry agent is another job that you
can do from home and a lot of companies
need a lot of data to you know make
strategical decisions about how their
company how their company's gonna evolve
for example let's say I make computers
and I want somebody who would go out
there and Google every single computer
that's similar to mine and would enter
their price point would enter their
features and then I would analyze them
and decide whether my computer is
expensive or a less expensive on the
market now this is a very basic example
but you get an idea so again you need to
collect data and arrange it in a way
that other people can analyze it and
this is called data entry agent there on
the lower end in terms of payment they
make around 10 dollars an hour but if
you become an advanced data entry agent
you can make up to 23 dollars an hour
guys thank you so much for watching this
video
the very end I really hope that you
would be able to find the job that's
right for you
that you will come out of this crisis as
a professional as a person who's willing
to take risk as a person who's willing
to learn new things and this would be a
great experience for the rest of real
life and again thank you so much
watching this video if you're not yet
subscribed to this channel then this is
one of the biggest mistakes that you're
making the red button is below thank you
so much
like if you have enjoyed this content
and I will see you very soon in my next
box